# Build custom Docker image
Installing Python, Pip and a few packages takes a very long time on the Raspberry Pi. Therefore a Dockerfile was made and the corresponding image was uploaded to Dockerhub to reduce build times. To actually build the image and push to Dockerhub, you need the ARM architecture of the Raspberry Pi. For this, a Raspberry Pi 4B was used. Just [download the imager for Raspberry Pi OS](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/), format the SD card with this software to a FAT filesystem and install the Rasberry Pi OS Lite (= a headless OS). 

To acces the headless Pi over SSH, copy the files in the folder `headless_pi_setup` to the boot partition. To find the IP address of the Pi, go into the router and find it (it has the name `raspberrypi`. The default user is `pi` with the password `raspberry`, change this directly by using the command `passwd`. Optionally the Pi can be made more secure with the use of SSH keys. In WSL/Ubuntu run `ssh-copy-id pi@<IP-ADDRESS>`, assuming the SSH keys have been setup in WSL/Ubuntu. Alternatively, run `cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh pi@<IP-ADDRESS> 'mkdir -p ~/.ssh && cat >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys'`. Next, disable the password login by opening the `sshd_config` file: `sudo nano /etc/ssh/sshd_config`. Uncomment `#PasswordAuthentication yes` and overwrite with `PasswordAuthentication no`. You can also add more ports or delete the default port. For example, if you want to use port 22 internally and port 777 externally (port forwarding), just add the lines `Port 22` and `Port 777`.
